(As you know, here is L.A.!)
(Why have the girls gathered?)
Choerry: Well..
Kim Lip: What are we going to do now?
JinSoul: We’re gonna watch a video.
(What is this video that they’re going to watch?)
Choerry: 1, 2, 3!
Kim Lip: Is that a new song? No, that's not...
Choerry: Oh, what is it?
Choerry: That’s you!
Kim Lip: Wow, she’s running so hard!
Cherry: What is that?
(Of course, they’ve never seen this video before!)
Kim Lip: Oh, that’s me!
Choerry, JinSoul: ‘That’s me!’
Kim Lip: Is that me?
JinSoul: I don’t know...
Kim Lip, JinSoul: It’s scary~
Choerry: This is so cool. Can I watch it again?
(What is this video that they’re watching again and again?)
Kim Lip: Her legs are beautiful in this scene!
Choerry: Oh~ JinSoul~
Choerry: It will be a hit!
Kim Lip: It’s already a huge hit
Choerry: You know… It’s a finisher! Finish!
Kim Lip: From now on, we can do better at everything!!!
(What is this mysterious video? Please look forward to it!)